~ labor unions in poland?
~ I should start thinking about over-ear headphones
~ and uhhhh some sort of prophylaxis?
## goals
compare against
- [[RAVE]]
- ~~[[SING]]~~ (redundant if comparing against RAVE)
- [[DDSP]] - limited domain
    - optional? RAVE and MelGAN might be enough
    - though they're actually quite similar works?
- ~~[[Parallel WaveGan]]~~
- [[MelGAN]]
    - does this make sense from the "domain" perspective?
    - mel inversion, but can be used as a decoder on any representation
    - experiments would be just comparing the different decoder architectures
    - training GANs though jeeeez

metrics
- [[Frechet Audio Distance]]
- MOS

ok makes sense I think
ready to get back to getting high quality reconstruction? and datasets
and preparing comparison experiments, for RAVE first
- fortunately both RAVE and MelGAN provide code
datasets -> architecture improvements -> writing out experiments
- what datasets? chopin, debussy
    - do I really need more piano datasets?
    - this isn't consistent with generating single samples
    - more of a direction for style transfer reconstruction or sth, which is also interesting but
    - what about custom generated sample datasets?
- what improvements? weight norm, configurable amp mod, discriminator loss
- see if this is enough to get reasonable results with a sequence latent
    - if not, decomposition
    - if yes, experiments metrics
## misc
apparently [[ClariNet]] has something to do with inverse autoregressive(?) flows? not sure that's related to [[normalizing flows]] though

I should probably check out architecture details from 2024/25 works on speech synthesizing LLMs
- or maybe there's no need to give myself even more work, it's probably quite the rabbithole
- but also probably just more data + sth like [[MusicLM]]

checkerboard artifacts ([[MelGAN]]) - could mean I'd have to potentially change the strides/kernel sizes? some solutions discussed in [[WaveGAN]]
- discussed in the context of generator/discriminator though
- the upsampling might produce patterns of phase that are trivially discernible from real data
- but also - the artficats produce pitched noise?
oh oh
- [x] read this https://distill.pub/2016/deconv-checkerboard/, potentially adjust strides + document why
## datasets