## experiments
#### percussive2
[[RAVE]] lesgo
how do I create the dataset though?
the same concat way? the uncond gen isn't going to preserve the structure, but maybe that's a result to report
reconstruction will be comparable, that's the most important thing

concat script in `vctk_words_v2/concat_wavs.py`, only dep is `rich`
running concat
next: preprocess -> train -> train prior
- train with 1M for phase 1, 2M total? not sure that makes sense, potentially overfitting seems safer, running with unchanged params
running training
- very low fidelity values compared to vctk words, should I be worried?
#### DrumGAN
yeah I really should compare this to DrumGAN fuck, ask mamodrzejewski though
## evals
what was the [[RAVE]] "effective dimensionality" thing?
- writing an explainer in [[RAVE]]
- added fidelity to latent analysis notebook
```
fidelity_0.8: 53 / 256 dims
fidelity_0.9: 77 / 256 dims
fidelity_0.95: 103 / 256 dims
fidelity_0.99: 154 / 256 dims
```
There's also a brief thought on how this influences the sound:
```
As the fidelity parameter decreases, reconstructed samples get less accurate, loosing parts of their attributes such as phonemes or speaker identity.
```

shit maybe comparing to DrumGAN would make more sense

also shit, there's the [music_speech_epoch_15_esc_89.25.pt](https://huggingface.co/lukewys/laion_clap/blob/main/music_speech_epoch_15_esc_89.25.pt) model for music+speech, I should use that one for VCTK evals

- [x] prepare a script that runs all evals for VCTK

ok re-run with CLAP model `music_speech_epoch_15_esc_89.25.pt`
done, ok nice
the results dynamic seems similar - reconstruction pretty much the same, uncond generation improves substantially with NF prior
The self-vendi score,  though, is the maximum value (only NF reconstruction is higher but an insignificant amount), which matches expectations, so that's good
#### gilbo
not converged on the run w/ prior, but it seems that it'll converge to somewhere around 130 nats too
running with 100k steps gonna take fkn ages

so what does this mean?
"learned model complexity" - so the result would be that given a more complicated prior the model can still learn the complexity?
yeah not sure if I can fit this somewhere
"diagnostic metric" aiiiiiight
#### brainstorm
so, latent space evals recap
requiring labels:
- _silhoutte metrics_ on latent space clusters
- _latent arithmetic_ - linear classifiers on latent space
- _mutual information gap_
without labels:
- _interpolation/random translation_ in latent space
- _mmd_ between posterior/prior (identifying prior holes)

prior evaluation? could tell me a lot about how nice is the latent space
in theory - I'd want `N(0,1)` to be a great prior with all dims disentangled - any combination I'd sample gives reasonable audio
but that's certainly not the case, and I can see how my samples are distributed with the prior

what if I try to locate dimensions responsible for different aspects of the sound?
most important dimensions would be sth like length, snare/kick or sum shi
## datasets
ok should launch some freesound filtering in the background
phrase? what are we looking for? SFX?
- RAVE/gilbo taking up both GPUs atm though
## thesis writing
send [[2026-06-25-progress-report-1]] to @mamodrzejewski, ask what's up
ask Dominik/the other guy about like formal stuff?

ok ok tf do I write to @mamodrzejewski
>Cześć! Piszę znowu w sprawie mojej pracy. Wytrenowałem modele które chciałem i jestem teraz w miejscu gdzie się zastanawiam w jaki sposób ułożyć z tego pracę i jakie jeszcze eksperymenty/ewaluacje mogę wykonać. Metryki i datasety podsumowałem tutaj: https://dzjkb.github.io/post/progress-report-1. Czy myślisz, że to już starczy żeby rzeźbić z tego prace?

add sth about the general thesis outline?

and tf do I write to Dominik/the guy
- I want to ask for a meeting? like an hour of talking about what do
## next
- thesis start planning out chapters
- [[RAVE]] "effective dimensionality" and fidelity - is this something worth replicating here?
- gpu setup yeahhh idk