## experiments
ok somethings still screwed up big time, tf
- the validation loss decreases properly at the start though at least
- but the latent loss still going straight to almost 0
can't be the strides, nor the dataset changes
activation changes???? why tf would that happen tho
maybe it's a matter of increasing the latent size now again?

running with latent size 64
- ok nice seems to be working
- ok ok first eval sounds very reasonable ?????
- 200 epochs in it's already like very proper with a little static, let's go
- validation loss is actually falling, although it's still very high values
    - at a very slow pace, but I'll take it, the samples sound good
    - not improving that drastically from validation to validation though
    - barely at all really
- I mean maybe that's ok since the latent loss is fa
- hmm also the noisiest val samples are the one with high noise content, maybe the noise synth params aren't well tuned?
    - right it's fucking 4, 4, 4 ratios not 2, 2, 2
    - 5 filters not 6 though hmmmm
    - wait no that's v1
    - v2/v3 don't actually use the noise generator??????
    - fuck
#### next?
- FAD/KID for a given model using CLAP
- CLAP embedding visualization for a given (model? set? a couple of sets? or both at the same time really)
    - a directory with `data.pt` in it
    - notebook
extract a model unconditionl gen + dataset embedder + FAD/KID on embedding set
## eval
need modules to:
- (done) read directory to tensor
- (done) saving embeddings to disk
- (done) calculate embeddings for a tensor of audio files
- calculate FAD for two tensors (two sets of audio)
- (done) calculate KID for two tensors (two sets of audio)

ok ok got the KID infrastructure (so to speak) up, what now?
see what kind of evals [[DrumGAN]] actually did - what are the reference sets?
## datasets
add the relevant freesound stuff to the train/val sets
sample packs!?
#### misc
I'll probably need bigger datasets to show any differences in performance... shit
[[DrumGAN]] used a proprietary 300k sample dataset ok lmao
ffuuuuck
#### freesound
just browsing man
splitting 530 random-ass kicks
- 44, 72, 230, 273, 364, 374, 395, 397, 447, 504, 518, 536