## experiments
6x slowdown for discrimination phase goddamn

ok shit I mean
other than the fact the validation loss is rising and the samples are screwed up after restarting training
the samples sound quite reasonable
???
see what unconditional generation sounds like
ok shit it does sound somewhat reasonable
different types of snares, rims, deeper sounds
bit noisy but coherent
ok ok ok????????
- no need to log `z` in the discrimination phase btw
hm kind of looks like its plateauing
- maybe it's a matter of the discriminator size? and limited parameters/bands
- like it can't learn much more
- and the feature matching loss is dominating the rest
but the samples are coherent -> I can get going with FAD/KID
#### unconditional eval
generating random samples - kind of coherent but weird phasing artifacts and a bit of a bitcrushed sound
interpolating - produces a pretty reasonable fade between two samples
- not exactly linear though

next?
- FAD/KID for a given model using CLAP
- CLAP embedding visualization for a given (model? set? a couple of sets? or both at the same time really)
extract a model unconditionl gen + dataset embedder + FAD/KID on embedding set
## highest variance latent dim generation
from z to low_dim_z: modified SVD -> take n first dimensions
from low_dim_z to z: sample missing dimensions from prior -> concatenate -> reverse modified SVD
#### modified SVD
just take argmax of the posterior => the means output by the decoder
and subtract the mean across dim0 (batch) for some reason?
[[RAVE]] then runs `PCA` from `sklearn`
## datasets
[[DrumGAN]] sets????
[[NSynth]]?

freesound exploration continued
- add some of the stuff to snares
- or make a more general percussive set
shit it's not only one-hits
and some of the data points are totally mislabeled
if we limit to verified + <2s data it's like 200?

and other LAION subsets something somewhere someone?
or just get going with browsing sample packs...

## misc
wait bro tf
`v2.gin` does `RATIOS = [4, 4, 4, 2]`
why am I doing `[2, 4, 5, 8]`??? because [[SoundStream]] does
try the [[RAVE]] way though
even just the fact the growing direction is different is sus

try `[4, 4, 4, 2]` with 49152 samples
might be time to revisit architecture details

[[RAVE]] claims to have only 17.6M parameters????
- right that might be the case without the single latent reduction