new month a new opportunity to fucking stall this indefinitely bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
## experiments
#### percussive2
[[RAVE]] ongoing, fill in results after
#### DrumGAN
@mamodrzejewski do you think this is necessary? if so, do I do this on my dataset?
## evals
#### fidelity
compare no-NF and NF versions

| fidelity | no-NF | NF  |
| -------- | ----- | --- |
| 0.8      | 53    | 106 |
| 0.9      | 77    | 133 |
| 0.95     | 102   | 151 |
| 0.99     | 154   | 181 |
ok tf so it's the same quality but uses more dimensions
....
why, wouldn't I want this to use less => potentially enable a smaller latent space overall?
fuck

duration - very easy to predict from the latent space, ok that's nice
but it doesn't align with the highest fidelity dimensions at all? wtf
#### brainstorm continued
latent space evals recap
requiring labels:
- _silhoutte metrics_ on latent space clusters
- _latent arithmetic_ - linear classifiers on latent space
- _mutual information gap_
without labels:
- _interpolation/random translation_ in latent space
    - I should do this in the directions specified by the fidelity PCA
- _mmd_ between posterior/prior (identifying prior holes)
- _fidelity_ - ?

prior evaluation - just draw it? ok Claude do your best
nice, it's informative that's good
not sure how to use this yet though

ok comparing no-NF/NF - narrative:
- the quality is the same but with less used dimensions - better potential controllability (better disentanglement?)
    - nope fidelity values are higher come on
- latent arithmetic might give better results
    - nope lol, same shit
## misc
soo I have 3 properties I'd want to encode
seems like they're not really encoded in the latent space
what if I forced them to be, somehow?
maybe that would make the rest of the latent space organize neatly too?
disentaglement - future research directions, probably connected to that guys PhD, conditional VAEs or sum shi like that
## datasets
ok should launch some freesound filtering in the background
phrase? what are we looking for? SFX?
## thesis writing
send [[2026-06-25-progress-report-1]] to @mamodrzejewski, ask what's up
ask Dominik/the other guy about like formal stuff?

ok ok tf do I write to @mamodrzejewski
>Cześć! Piszę znowu w sprawie mojej pracy. Wytrenowałem modele które chciałem i jestem teraz w miejscu gdzie się zastanawiam w jaki sposób ułożyć z tego pracę i jakie jeszcze eksperymenty/ewaluacje mogę wykonać. Metryki i datasety podsumowałem tutaj: https://dzjkb.github.io/post/progress-report-1. Czy myślisz, że to już starczy żeby rzeźbić z tego prace?

add sth about the general thesis outline?

and tf do I write to Dominik/the guy
- I want to ask for a meeting? like an hour of talking about what do
## next
- write to the guys
- thesis start planning out chapters