## experiments
#### percussive2
yeah let's go - 2 gpus
## evals
#### vctk words
compared with [[RAVE]] reconstructions
ok shit it's basically the same values across all 3 reconstructions, that's good
but then there's a slight improvement in unconditional generation + massive improvement with an NF prior
that's a legit result????
hell yes

ok fuck the vendi score of the `audio_val` set itself is ~= `5.0`
;-;
lower than reconstructions and the prior gen
explore different types of embeddings maybe?
maybe that could even make sense with uncond generation - all the gibberish can be more varied
but the reconstructions? that's not good

- [ ] what other embeddings would make sense to use, for vctk words or in general?

eval suite continued
- latent arithmetic - any conclusions?
- disentaglement, latent space quality
#### rave prior gen
ok 19.8M is way overkill, the receptive size is ~2.8s
cutting down to ~1.24s gives 3M parameters
training -> re-run generation -> re-run eval
#### misc
what was the [[RAVE]] "effective dimensionality" thing?
I should calculate the fidelity of the latent space
## thesis writing
@mamodrzejewski Qs:
- I have this set of models/datasets and this set of evaluations, what do you think?
- I have these metrics from evaluations, is this enough?

ok so? If I were to describe the results for [[VCTK]] words right now:
- compared to [[RAVE]]
    - reducing to a single 256 sized latent (12x higher compression) with a 2x larger model (31.5M -> 63.6M) gives practically identical performance
    - pure `N(0, 1)` prior generation is very similar (0 vs 3M prior params), using an NF prior drastically improves generation (988K vs 3M params)
- with/without NFs
    - NF posterior _slightly_ improves reconstruction and _noticeably_ improves generation, matching it to [[RAVE]] performance
    - NF prior _drastically_ improves generation, compared both to no NF and [[RAVE]] generations

collect this stuff a new post
## next
- ask the seminar guy/mamodrzejewski for direction
- create the third last dataset - SFX or sum shi, from freesound?
- percussive2 experiments
- thesis start planning out chapters
- gpu setup yeahhh idk