## experiments
[[experiments - vctk words]]

ok shi so this time
- the adversarial loss is actually falling, with heavy oscillations though
    - weight is `0.5`, looks good?
- the reconstruction loss had a sudden increase at the start of phase 2 again and never recovered to the same value
- feature matching loss is rising, although a bit more chaotically
    - weight is `15.0`, bring back up to `20.0`?
- discriminator loss is oscillating slightly but falling
    - discriminator lr is `1e-5`, bring down to `5e-6`?
- the overall train loss is oscillating without a clear up/down trend, which is a good sign probably
looks good, what next?
- decrease disciminator lr even further since it doesn't seem to have a problem with learning
- add end-of-phase-1 checkpoint
ok but the quality is actually starting to get super realistic
no clearly discernible artficats
did I actually make it????
- seems like the reconstruction loss doesn't reflect the audible similarity that well - the `3.83` reconstructions after discrimination sound way better than the `~3.6` reconstructions simply because of the lack of the static hissing noise
- not sure what the balance between adversarial and feature matching loss should be, seems like they go in opposite ways
this is only 1.26M steps in, target is 2M
**(2026-04-28)** ok so it just started oscillating at the same level
adversarial loss growing, feature matching and disciminator losses stationary
and the train loss somehow is sharply rising in all of this, what?
- is the reconstruction loss a big contribution? shouldn't be
discriminator is having issues learning, that would make sense
but why is the adversarial loss rising so sharply all of a sudden?
and why isn't the feature matching loss falling

ok bit suspicious, adversarial loss and feature matching loss seem inversely correlated?
- [x] investigate adversarial and feature matching loss being inversely correlated

FAD/KID evaluations let's go?
## losses
maybe I shouldn't exclude the last discriminator feature - the score - from feature matching loss?
## rave repro
still breaks come on man
## next
I really gotta get going with something next
- reproducing [[RAVE]] on [[VCTK]] words (instructions in note)
- evaluation suite on latest [[VCTK]] models
- start writing the thesis
- get gpu running somehow