## experiments
#### vctk words
ok ok NF w/ zuko lesgo
https://zuko.readthedocs.io/stable/tutorials/basics.html
https://zuko.readthedocs.io/stable/tutorials/vae.html
fkn easy, only need the transform functionality though
- although maybe the prior will be easier with the full flow
- yes
it works yesss

ok it's learning something, worse loss curves than no-NF
- don't think that's a matter of the ds size cut in half
- maybe the hidden sizes
- maybe it would overtake it later, a different shape altogether, can't rule that out
`256->256->256` MLPs in the flow still result in only ~400K parameters, huh
running
- pretty much identical loss curve so far, bump the layers maybe?
- 2 more epochs, same exact curve uhhhhhh
8 layers instead of 4 lesgo

next - try with eps=1e-3, a lot of silence in vctk words too
#### percussive2
try `percussive2` in the meantime?
what was the optimal config - no adv loss warmup
fucking mode collapse again ahhhhhh
- what are the chances it's because of not much data?
- I did have good runs on percussive data though
ok it's not exactly mode collapse'y but very similar across the board?
- maybe it's ok actually? it's almost the same click over and over but with slight variations sometimes
idk let it run for a little more actually
- starting to flatten out at around the same value the previous run plateau'ed, oops
- very weird, percussive1 managed to hit 8-9 recon. loss
I really hope it's not the `16-mixed` precision
ok it's learning shi actually

ok ok important
the l1 distance is sensitive to content/transients/silence, is not normalized
`eps = 1e-7` in the `log(|STFT(x)| + eps)` corresponds to a ~-140dB noise floor, while a practical noise floor is around -60dB (`eps = 1e-3`)
since 1s snare clips are mostly silence, a lot of the gradient signal is trying to force the model to have more silent silence
oops

ok ok raised `eps`, using `n_mel = 128`, lesssssssssgo
## evals
try encoding a bunch of samples, verify the code works
implementing the missing metrics?
- [[Mutual Information Gap]] in the reduced space
or rather, first - extract _perceptual categories_ from the data
- speaker identity
- word duration
- gender
- word "type" -
- accent - british/american/? labeling each speaker manually seems doable
- (?) phonetic content - some kind of specctral analysis?
- (?) speaking rate - don't think this makes any sense
ok - prepare a csv with this stuff ([[VCTK]])

also - what was the [[RAVE]] "effective dimensionality" thing?
also - I should calculate the fidelity of the latent space
## rave repro
prior training once the run is complete
how do I want to train the prior though? can I make it fit the 1s fixed length generation scheme?
- default version would be train standard prior - generate 1s clips
- the way the dataset is concatenated (non-random order) will influence these samples

ok running, should take ~32h
## thesis writing
I need to organize all my references goddamn

@mamodrzejewski Qs:
- I have this set of models/datasets and this set of evaluations, what do you think?
## next
- create the third last dataset - SFX or sum shi, from freesound?
- experiments
    - percussive2 no-NF on AWS
    - NF on [[VCTK]] - gpu2:0
    - [[RAVE]] prio - gpu2:1
- ask the seminar guy/mamodrzejewski for direction
- thesis start planning out chapters
- gpu setup yeahhh idk