~ fkn hell man
## experiments
#### percussive2
tf do I do
#### prior
ok so the [[RAVE]] prior is 19.8M params
compared to <1M for the NF prior, which gives way better results?

read references (last two relevant works from [[normalizing flows]] which have NF priors):
- [Variational Autoencoders with Normalizing Flow Decoders (2020)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.05617)
- [Learning Energy-based Variational Latent Prior for VAEs (2025)](https://arxiv.org/html/2510.00260)
    - experiments with the latent weight - set it low, evaluate generation
    - I don't have the budget for this many runs fuck

ok trained a prior, seems to easy to fit the posterior what do I do with this
I need to evaluate both diversity but also - differing from the val set, somehow?
- maybe that's unnecessary? if we go in the direction of controllability etc. (better than [[RAVE]] because of the single latent for sure)
generations actually start to sound like words, just a bit jumbled up
vendi jumped to 6.2 hellllll yes
FAD/KID radical improvement too, still not close to the reconstruction values which is reassuring, but way better than other methods

I can hear this having interesting results with snares or other types of data, now just to get the percussive2 model working fuckkkkkkkkkkk
#### rave prior
the weak generations are suspicious really, 19M parameters should be able to learn this better - needs tuning?
## evals
#### vctk words
evaluate the posterior, compare between the two?
also - mmd between posterior/learned prior
in general - maybe evaluations of the posterior/prior could be the main results?
- hard to compare to [[RAVE]] with anything else than audio metrics
#### misc
what was the [[RAVE]] "effective dimensionality" thing?
I should calculate the fidelity of the latent space
## thesis writing
@mamodrzejewski Qs:
- I have this set of models/datasets and this set of evaluations, what do you think?
- I have these metrics from evaluations, is this enough?
- do you think I should train a prior or is this maybe enough?
## next
- ask the seminar guy/mamodrzejewski for direction
- create the third last dataset - SFX or sum shi, from freesound?
- thesis start planning out chapters
- gpu setup yeahhh idk